You about landing pages doing a wide variety of examples good and bad and then learning about some do's
and don'ts along the way.
So let's jump in and think about how we can actually create one of our own.
Now before you actually create a landing page I'm going to state the obvious that you need to have created
the piece you're offering.
This especially goes for an e-book white paper or an email course.
All the pieces of these things need to be available and you just start giving out when people complete
the landing page form.
If you're offering a web are probably have all your plans in place date and time the topic where it
will take place online like which platform you'll use the web.
Do the web and so on and the resources is somewhere around here we've attached some tools that you can
use for all of these kind of jumpstart the process but for the most part we're just focusing on the
mechanism that traps them.
And then you get their information.
Now assuming you have all that taken care of you can prepare many of the elements for your landing page
that we've discussed and analyzed already.
Write up a great headline to get people's attention create a description for your offering like what
your ebook is about.
It's written for and why you should download it and go into more detail and well.
So we kind of depends on the lead magnet.
Now e-books and white papers usually have a table of contents or a section that you can list out what's
in it.
Webinars usually have an agenda or some main topics or plan on covering usually like the juicy details
or the secrets and an email courses generally have a list of the topics or sections that help people
understand what will be covered and usually in what order they're usually like day one day to this day
three this.
So let's start here.
The staffs we can accomplish with really any writing platform write up a Word doc a Google doc or any
place where you can easily copy text and then paste it into our landing page later.
So let's say I've written an ebook on how to design I don't know a great logo.
I'm a freelance designer I'm not but let's pretend it and I blog about design topics including branding
tools techniques and timesavers.
I want to use this ebook to build up my email list so I can promote more of my professional services.
So my ebook should already have a lot of the elements I'll need for my landing page.
So the title I pick how to design a great logo description.
We want to be detail remember this 36 page book will guide designers to the best practices and important
steps of creating a logo for a business or product.
Let's get some more detail in this e-book.
You'll learn why Logos are so important to the success of a business school.
OK that teaches them some type of an outcome or some insight that they are missing out.
How to brainstorm ideas.
Eliminate bad ones and choose the best ones.
Easy to follow.
Techniques used by designers to create powerful logos how to select the right colors antipiracy patah.
Let's say create multiple Logo versions for alternative formats like print and video.
These are all things that might be important.
Now I've probably already written a lot of this detail as part of my book.
Maybe each section begins with a blurb that I can pull details from whatever I've gone I can assemble
it in my google doc for example and then just begin to assemble a rough layout of a landing page later.
Now you can see I've added all the stuff that I just mentioned the title the short description on a
bullet list of sections of the ebook but at the top I'd put in some placeholders a spot for my logo
for my design business the cover of my ebook which I can put in where the generic book thing is.
I have even made a little form at the bottom where people can enter their name and email with a bright
button.
I even added a note below it.
I've seen similar ones to it around where I basically say I'll probably email you but your personal
data is safe.
Definitely don't sell people's data.
That sucks.
Moving on.
So what you see in this Google doc is really just a bare bones example.
Nothing really special but it's got a classic landing page structure all the elements I want are there.
But you know based on some of the examples we've seen in our past lectures you could flesh out the page
even more with more compelling information.
You could even test it out.
Right you could swap out piece of information and do run basic AB tests.
Screen shots are peaks inside my book could also be a good feature to include.
You don't want to give away anything too good without getting their email address but images from the
book and say like give an idea of what the style is like.
That's perfectly fine listing the people involved with your offering makes sense if you're hoping their
expertise helps sell it as well.
Our speakers make perfect sense to feature since they're part of the draw but if you co-wrote your e-book
with an expert well you could list details about them as well.
Nothing you could add testimonials and testimonials from people who have used what you have to offer
and found success are awesome.
Direct quotes with their name and location or company make your offerings seem pretty legitimate.
Maybe Jim from Tacoma Washington emailed me after Delo the ebook and said hey just want to let you know
I use the lessons you book and sold the business logo to a new client.
Thanks so much.
So what I would do is obviously reply to Jim congratulate and then ask him for permission to use that
quote.
Now we haven't launched this thing yet and you wanted to do quotes or testimonials.
You couldn't oftentimes that people vouch for you specifically.
So if I wrote an e-book and no one's ever read it I could get people I know who know I'm an expert in
the topic to read a quote saying Evans a great expert.
I go to him whenever I need advice.
Remember it's not always just the book you're selling it could be you.
So now let's update the google doc with a few more ideas.
I'm going to add some it down below we have got a new table to hold my testimonial quote I shorten the
quote so it's focused now.
I took out the hey I just wanted you to know obviously the intro part of it just kept the rest.
Just make sure if you do any editing of quotes from people that you don't see change the meaning and
don't be too liberal with the dot dot dot because if you do that too much then it actually looks like
you're kind of cheating and the person didn't say it.
Kind of like when movies put quotes in you'll be like I love dot dot dot the movie you know like what
did they say in the middle anyway next to the quote I'll put a picture from my ebook that I think will
look nice.
Now let's assume this picture is part of a technique I explain in the ebook.
So now what about my form.
Well I got pushed to the bottom but I'm going to borrow a technique I've seen in a few landing pages
and a duplicate my called Action up higher on the page.
Now the form will stay on the bottom of the page but where it was before I'm going to put a button that
when the visitor clicks it just sends them to the bottom of the page is actually relatively easy to
do.
So now I've got to call actions with Boesch essentially do the same thing.
Now I know I said don't do multiple call actions.
What I meant is multiple call to action to do different things.
It's OK to have the same one because it's still the same call to action.
Now it's just that there's one for people who already know what they want that's to the top and the
ones need to be more convinced while it's at the bottom you want the user to do a little work as possible.
OK so this is a good start.
Let's pause right here because if you've got your own planning page idea well you could rough it out
as well.
Again there's a way I do it at least to do a Google doc or Evernote doc and assemble all the important
stuff you need.
First words image is valuable information.
People need testimonials.
Any of those kind of plug and play sections you see pretty much everywhere else.
Now don't worry too much about the layout as you'll probably find some templates moving forward that
look even better and that's really just going to depend on the tool you'll use which will cover that
in the next lecture.
So I'll see them.